README.md, before:

# Online Map examples in web browser

### Google Maps with localstorage:
[Example](http://offline-map.appspot.com/) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/gmaps_localstorage_site). This code can contradict [Google Maps/Google Earth APIs Terms of Service](https://developers.google.com/maps/terms) par. 10.1.1.

### Leaflet with IndexedDB and WebSQL:
[Example](http://tbicr.github.com/OfflineMap/leaflet/index.html) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/leaflet_idb_sql_site). [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

You can find more examples with LeafLet and [PouchDB](http://pouchdb.com/) there: http://tbicr.github.io/OfflineMap/.

### Mapbox (Modest Maps) with IndexedDB and WebSQL:
[Example](http://tbicr.github.com/OfflineMap/mapbox/index.html) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/mapbox_idb_sql_site). [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

### Open Layers with IndexedDB and WebSQL:
[Example](http://tbicr.github.com/OfflineMap/openlayers/index.html) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/openlayers_idb_sql_site). [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

Commit message:

add other storage links to readme

README.md, after:

# Online Map examples in web browser

### Google Maps with localstorage:
[Example](http://offline-map.appspot.com/) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/gmaps_localstorage_site). This code can contradict [Google Maps/Google Earth APIs Terms of Service](https://developers.google.com/maps/terms) par. 10.1.1.

### Leaflet with IndexedDB and WebSQL:
[Example](http://tbicr.github.com/OfflineMap/leaflet/index.html) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/leaflet_idb_sql_site). [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

You can find more examples with LeafLet and [PouchDB](http://pouchdb.com/) there: http://tbicr.github.io/OfflineMap/.
Instead [PouchDB](http://pouchdb.com/) also can used [localForage](https://github.com/mozilla/localForage), [LargeLocalStorage](https://github.com/tantaman/LargeLocalStorage) and etc.

### Mapbox (Modest Maps) with IndexedDB and WebSQL:
[Example](http://tbicr.github.com/OfflineMap/mapbox/index.html) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/mapbox_idb_sql_site). [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

### Open Layers with IndexedDB and WebSQL:
[Example](http://tbicr.github.com/OfflineMap/openlayers/index.html) and [Code](https://github.com/tbicr/OfflineMap/tree/master/openlayers_idb_sql_site). [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).
